Our leader is here!
Make way, make way!
Greetings, sir!
-Greetings, sir.
-Welcome, sir.
Welcome, sir.
What, Malaiarasan?
You've really gone all out
with the decorations!
-Everything is for you, sir.
-Sir, bless me!
Hey! Get up.
Study well and make
your father proud.
Feels like yesterday
but it's already three years
since your brother passed.
Sir.
-Are you doing well?
-Yes, sir.
-Thayamma!
-Yes, madam?
Sis, hold on a minute.
It’s late for school, isn’t it?
Go now.
No, Mom. There’s a lot of
work today, right?
I’ll take leave today?
I can manage everything.
You go!
Okay, Mom.
Rid us of troubles, end all strife,
Shine bright, oh Tamil land!
Long live the Tamil language!
Last time, you won the speech competition.
But not this time!
This watch is the bet.
Challenge?
-What? Ready for it?
-Next up, we have Geetha from 11-D.
I strongly oppose the title itself!
Why didn’t you challenge her?
Teacher… that’s because…
Speak with courage.
Teacher... No...
-Keep quiet.
-This is true freedom for women.
That’s when women will triumph!
-Next up, we have Ramya from 11-B.
-But why, teacher?
Because you will win!
Greetings to all.
Long live Bharathi’s legacy!
Freedom is not about enslaving another.
Woman is the fundamental force
behind everything.
This force does not perish,
it protects us.
It nurtures us like the divine itself.
Men and women stand as equals.
Long live Bharathi!
The winner of the speech
competition is Ramya!
Congrats!
-Congrats, Ramya.
-Thanks, sir.
-Teacher, your watch?
-Hold on to it as a reminder of me.
It’s my gift to you.
Thanks a lot.
Has Ramya been here?
No, why?
She left for school this morning,
but she hasn’t come back yet.
What are you saying?
I searched everywhere.
She never goes anywhere
without telling me.
Don’t worry.
Let’s go find her.
To the Director General of Police,
I, Sujitha, a teacher at Arasankottai
Higher Secondary School, am writing to you.
Last week, our student Ramya
suddenly went missing.
Despite filing a complaint,
the police have taken no action.
This is not an isolated incident.
Such occurrences have been increasing
in our town over the past few years.
However, the local police continue
to turn a blind eye to these crimes.
The reason behind this are the brothers,
Malaiarasan and Kottaiarasan.
Malaiarasan, using his positions
as Union Chairman,
Head of the Co-operative Society,
and School Correspondent,
and Kottaiarasan, illegally producing
spirit under a mineral water company,
are involved in countless
criminal activities.
We’re supplying both
water and booze to this whole town.
Be careful, our boys might
mix up the cans.
That’s why the spirit cans
are marked with an ‘X’.
They use our school grounds asa base for their unlawful operations.
We urge you to intervene immediately
and ensure justice in Ramya’s case.
If no action is taken,
teachers from our district
will be left with no choice but
to stage a protest in the capital. Thanks.
Listen, we’ve been receiving a lot of
complaints from Arasankottai.
I want you to go there, investigate,
and report back to me.
No one should know you’re a cop.
I’ve arranged a teaching job for you there.
Here.
Arasankottai tickets! Get down!
Please, wait a minute.
Teacher!
You can go!
It’s time for school.
Let’s put up the rest of the
posters tomorrow. Come on.
Madam!
-Yes?
-One minute.
Where is Arasan Higher Secondary School?
And you are?
I’ve joined as
the new P.T. teacher there.
Oh!
Come, I’ll drop you.
No, it’s okay.
I can take an auto.
But there’s no auto here.
There’s an auto strike today, sir.
I work as the C.S. teacher there.
We’re colleagues now.
But... I don’t know how to ride doubles.
That's okay.
What’s going on?
Why are there so many lorries?
Is there any construction going on?
Nothing like that.
You’ll find out soon enough.
You’re new here.
So, there’s a lot you don’t know yet.
Welcome to our school, Saravanan.
You got in here on merit.
There’s already a P.T. teacher here
under the management quota.
Sports Day is in three months.
The one who performs better will
secure the permanent position.
Okay, sir.
Because of you guys, I didn’t finish
my record and now I’m getting punished!
This is so humiliating!
Come, the ground is this way.
- Oh, my!
- Sir, careful.
Sir!
-Sir! Oh, God!
-Are you alright?
Sir, are you okay?
You!
Is this how
you behave with a teacher?
Don’t you have any respect?
Teacher, whatever it is, just say it.
Don’t raise your hand.
What are you doing?
Let go of her hand!
She’s a teacher.
Apologize!
Come on, apologize!
Sorry!
Sorry, teacher.
First off,
stop hanging out with them,
or you’ll ruin your reputation!
-Careful. Are you hurt?
-I'm okay, sir.
He’s also a newly joined Maths teacher.
-Hello, sir.
-Hello.
You see, sir?
We’ve reached a point where students
are ragging newly appointed teachers.
The school has really gone downhill, sir.
Velu, pass it to me!
Oh god! Is this a ball or a rock?
Why the hell did you burst my ball?!
Sir, Singaram sir is always
causing trouble!
-What happened now?
-He burst my ball!
Singaram, what is this?
There's no point talking to you!
As usual, I'll fine you.
2,000 for breaking the spear into two.
600 for the bat.
200 for the stump.
And now, 800 for smashing
this ball to bits.
Sir! Why are you charging
full price for an old ball?!
That’s how I do it.
The total is 3600.
I’ll deduct it from your salary
this month.
Sir! Sir! Sir!
He owes me 100.
Add that too!
Hey, if you keep talking,
I’ll have to fight you!
Fight? Fine, let’s go for it!
Come on, let’s fight!
Stop it, you two!
Is this a school or what?!
Tell that to him!
Just look at his face!
Hey, watch your mouth!
Get lost!
I’ve dealt with plenty like you.
Oh yeah?
I’ve seen worse than you.
Come to my area,
I’ll handle you there!
Sir, you’re the reason I’m being insulted!
Forget it, Singaram.
This is Saravanan. In two months-
I know, sir. In the end,
you’ll pick one of us.
Why wait two months for that?
I’ll give him a penalty kick.
If he can score
a goal against my defense,
I’ll give up my posting as a prize.
Okay?
Done!
I'm ready. Come on!
Oh, God!
-Sir, be careful.
-Singaram!
You can’t even block a ball?
No, this is a foul!
You’re supposed to kick
the ball into the goal,
not kick a person into it
and play with him!
Sorry, master.
Why don’t you take the shot?
I’ll be the goalkeeper.
No, that won’t work.
Suji ma’am, look!
Suji! My dear is here.
This is a challenge for Singaram!
I’m not just a P.T master anymore,
I’m your competitor too!
With this goal, I’m gonna sweep
my girl off her feet.
Watch me!
Move!
-God, I can’t even bend.
-Singaram sir is taking the shot!
Oh my god!
Wonder who's going to
get hurt today.
What's happening?
I haven’t even kicked the ball yet,
and they’re already running?
Hello!
The ball’s gonna come at jet speed.
Be careful.
Just kick it.
I’ll turn my love for you...
...into the most powerful kick!
Where’s the ball going?
Damn, it's coming back!
- Oh, no!
-
He’s dead!
Oh god!
Singaram, you can’t kick or keep!
Stop it, sir! He came in between,
otherwise, that would’ve been
a perfect goal.
If you have doubts,
let’s go one more round!
-Why? To kill us all?
-Alright, take him away.
-Yes, doctor. We're on the way.
-Come on, hurry up!
Hey!
You’ve just arrived.
Don't try to do
everything in one day.
That’s my property.
Stay here.
Let's go!
Be careful. There are steps.
Thanks to the Maths teacher,
I now have a chance to woo Suji.
Go straight.
Careful! Careful, Suji…
Huh? Why is she taking a U-turn?
Suji! Suji!
Why are you tearing down
the Chairman’s posters?!
-They’re bad people.
-Look, sir!
They’ve pasted their posters
over Ramya’s notice.
-Damn, it feels good.
-Is this fair, sir?
No, it’s not.
It’s injustice!
Atrocity!
Watch me,
I’ll tear everything down.
I won’t let this slide!
Amal, look there.
-No poster stays after my Suji’s word!
-Hey! Stop it.
I’ll tear it all down!
Why are you tearing down
our boss’s poster?
Because I want to!
Who are you to question me?
-You dare?!
-Yes!
-What did you just say?
-I don’t repeat myself.
-Hey! I told him to do it.
-What? You told him to?!
Oh god, with just some bones
and a little blood,
she’s picking a fight with
these wild animals?
Why did you do that?
This is a hospital!
People come and go.
If I stick Ramya’s notice here,
more people will see it.
It’ll help us find her faster!
And you pasted
your boss’s poster over it!
Hey! We’ll paste it wherever we want!
He’s not just the school chairman,
he owns this whole town!
Yeah, that’s what happens when
an accused criminal becomes a chairman!
Damn!
The atrocities you commit in
this town won’t last forever.
Oh, god!
I'm working to put an end to this!
If you keep up this nonsense!
Damn, I’ve got to save my girl!
Hey! Hold on, hold on.
Why are you arguing with a woman when
a handsome man like me is right here?
Thanks for grabbing him!
"Thanks for grabbing him"?
Damn, they’re about to turn me
into a poster now.
Calm down, calm down.
It’s a blessing to get beaten
by a pretty woman!
Oh god, his eyes are blood red!
-Hey! What? Are you two a team?
-No, sir!
-If my boss hears about this—
-What will he do?
Call him! I’ll slap him with
my slipper too!
-What?!
-You’ll hit my boss?!
I’ll kill both of you!
-You think I’m scared?
-Suji! Suji!
Drop the knife!
You’ve already put someone
in the hospital bed with that.
Can’t you lay low?!
They’ve already put someone
in the hospital?!
Oh god!
What is this? Why did you hit
him with a slipper?
I felt brave
because you were here, sir.
Because of me?
-I never knew you were so bold, sir!
-Me?!
Super, Singaram master!
Super, Singaram!
Wow… Just her touch is enough
for my salvation.
Hey!
Singaram, you’re done.
You’ve got the prayers, the poojas,
and the festival ready!
Now, you be ready for eveything, okay?
Om Shakthi! Para Sakthi!
Is everything okay?
Everything is fine, sir.
-Honey, it’s time.
-Soori, I’ll call you later.
[prayer chants continue]
No, put it on my brother’s son.
-Why?
-Just take it, son.
It's a sign of respect.
It’s okay. We’ll handle it tomorrow.
Have some.
-It’s fine, teacher.
-It’s okay, just take it.
It’s been over two weeks since
Ramya went missing.
Don’t tell anyone,
but we got word from
the commissioner’s office that
a special officer has been
secretly assigned.
She will be found.
She’s never been away from me
for even a day.
Now, I don’t know where she is
or how she is.
People are saying all sorts
of things in town.
Please fail my daughter.
But Ramya is the class topper!
After my husband passed away,
I’ve been doing household work
to make ends meet.
I’m not ashamed to say this,
I have no money for her education.
I’ll pay her fees.
You may pay for this month,
but what about next month?
And the one after that?
We don’t want to burden you. Fail her.
If you really want to do something
for your mother, study well!
Only then can you take care of her
like a queen in the future.
I’ll arrange a scholarship for you.
Trust me, okay?
Now, smile.
-Grandpa!
-What is it, dear?
Ramya got a sponsor!
She doesn’t have to worry about
school fees anymore!
I have to tell her mother right away!
Teacher!
Has Ramya been here?
Cheers!
-Hey, Singaram!
-Useless.
Is this a bar or the teachers' quarters?
-Shut up, you egghead.
-Hey!
Not you. You've got some hair.
Padma teacher!
-What?!
-Make us an omelet.
How dare you guys drink and cause
trouble every day where teachers live?
Wait, I'll complain to the H.M!
The H.M.?
What will he do?
He’ll just fine us both. That's it.
Hey! Why is your granddaughter glaring?
The one who glares now will be
the one to caress later.
Listen, you’ve been spewing
nonsense like this
and guzzling down booze at my expense.
You’re of no use, Agasu!
Hey! Call me Agasalingam.
Is that so?
If you want me to say your full name,
then get your granddaughter married to me.
I’ll put your full name first
on the wedding card.
You've guzzled down booze worth 4,35,000!
Pay me back with interest!
That math sounds off.
We can correct it later.
First, tell me how to marry her.
Talk first, then drink.
Hey! Are you sleeping?
No, I’m thinking.
Oh, carry on.
Back in my youth,
I wooed my wife with a song.
-I’ll teach you that.
-Alright.
Why don’t you try the same?
♪ At the peak of Courtallam,
A hibiscus swings ♪
♪ Your gaze shines like
Papaya’s gleam, my love! ♪
♪ At the peak of Courtallam,
A hibiscus swings ♪
♪ Your gaze shines like
Papaya’s gleam, my love! ♪
Papaya’s gleam-- ♪
She's gazing!
-Oh, my!
-Get in!
Damn!
Sir, it's you?
How did you know to save me?
My wife did the same.
At least he only got water,
she threw dung water on me!
Love always starts with a fight.
I'm so sorry.
It's okay. You didn’t know.
I told you, right?
Hey! That should’ve happened
to me, not him!
That could’ve been my moment,
and you ruined it, slick!
They said I can collect my house key
from you at the quarters.
You’ve given me quite the welcome.
Is this how you greet everyone?
No, sir.
I was aiming for them,
but it landed on you by mistake.
-Come, I’ll get your key.
-Okay.
Hey! He could’ve dried himself
with a towel.
Why is she doing it for him?
Your granddaughter’s behavior is
getting out of hand!
Hey! You’re doubting my granddaughter?
That’s it! Consider this a divorce
between you two!
Divorce?!
When did we even get married?!
So, Saravanan sir!
All settled into your new home
in the school quarters?
-Yeah, it’s good.
-Just adjust however it is.
Anyway, you’re going to be
the permanent one.
Sir, this isn’t a regular cigarette.
How did this end up inside our school?
The eleventh graders just finished their
P.T. period and went back in.
Get up.
Sit down.
You, up!
Sir, there's nothing here.
-Hello, sir.
-Hello, ma'am.
-Show me who it was.
-Come, sir.
This one?
The guy who got the slipper shot?
He’s coming with the chairman?!
They dared to touch my poster?!
If they work in our school
and don’t fear us,
then what about our respect?
They’re searching with rage.
He’s the P.T. master, sir.
He won’t be in class,
he must be on the ground.
-Come on.
-Once I catch him, he’s done for.
Where do I hide?
Hey, go find that P.T. teacher!
-Okay, sir.
-Move fast!
She might’ve hit me,
but he was behind all this.
She had the guts because of him.
Idiot! You got slapped
and now you’re talking big?
Instead of running, they’ve made
me climb like a damn monkey.
I’ll show him now, sir!
What will they do?
This is too slippery,
I might land straight on them.
I let them go yesterday
because of the inspector.
But today, I’ll fry him up and eat him.
Oh god! They’re planning to
eat me for lunch?!
Maybe if I surrender,
they’ll plan their lunch else where.
Where are they?
Gone?
Oh, god.
They’ll sniff around and come
right back for me.
They won’t rest till they
get a taste of me.
You said you’d slap me with a
slipper if I showed up? Do it.
Sir, let it go.
She just misspoke.
Hey! Get lost.
Hit me.
-I will if I have to.
-What did you just say, you nag?
Don’t you dare call me that!
What’s wrong in standing up
against injustice?
Another injustice is about to
happen right now.
Let’s see who stands up for that.
Sir!
- Let her go!
- Oh, god.
No one dares to go against me here.
Why are you all just standing there?!
Let go of me.
Uncle!
-Let go!
-What are you doing, uncle?!
Let her go!
Let go, uncle.
She’s a teacher!
Come on.
-Come on.
-Let go!
You got saved because of him.
Do it again, and I’ll strip you naked
in front of the whole town.
-Move!
-Move aside.
Move!
A teacher should just teach
and mind her own business.
Sir, sir.
Bar’s closing. Please leave.
Hey! Look at me!
Don’t even dream of marrying my girl!
I wasn’t there when it happened.
And if you were?
If I were, it would’ve been
like a Jackie Chan movie!
I’m burning with rage.
Look into my eyes.
See that fire?
I would’ve sliced them apart!
You can't with this.
This is a menu card.
I’m the kind of man who turns
a menu card into a weapon!
If I see Malaiarasan again,
I’ll make him the side dish for my booze.
Soori, all okay?
All good, sir.
Alright.
You really have a soft spot for Soori.
Even with all this work,
you call to check on him.
Here.
What else, sir?
The usual Crab Masala.
It’s over…
How about fish?
Ah, never mind!
I’ll get you what you want.
Singaram.
Huh?
It’s Malaiarasan’s bad time.
How do you know?
He’s walked straight into your trap.
Where?
-Hello.
-Suji...
-Malaiarasan is done for.
-Grandpa?
He’s about to get destroyed!
What are you doing?!
Grandpa, listen to me--
Agasu, why are you in such a hurry?!
These things need a plan!
Beat him up like you said.
Then my granddaughter is yours!
Hey, Malaiarasan!
-Agasu! Stop! Don’t go!
-Let me go!
Oh dear, he's sneaking a snake
into my briefs!
You rotten scoundrel!
We all know he’s a scoundrel.
Do you really need to spell it out?
-That’s the teacher’s grandfather, right?
-Yes, sir.
He’s coming this way. Kill him.
Bro, you’re gonna get us both killed!
At least I can beg for my life,
you can’t even bend with that potbelly.
-Come, let’s run!
-Shut up.
God, I should punch myself
for calling myself Jackie Chan.
Come on, Malaiarasan!
Why is he covering his face?
-Hey!
-Sir?
-You’re still here?
-I’m leaving now, sir.
Old man, I pity you.
Run away while you still can.
I’m not alone.
I have Lord
Yama
who's going to
take your life.
Show your guts to him.
Oh god! Where is he?
Let's not let him go half-drunk.
I'll put him to sleep.
♪
Empty your basket of pain!
Have fun as you please!
♪
♪ One time, it’s worth it
Now, get down and dance! ♪
♪ Today, it's fun,
Tomorrow, it's empty!♪
And tomorrow? ♪
What's that sound?
Whose voice is that?
Damn, that's Agasu!
♪ Ask about me, go ahead,
I’m a dangerous rogue, you see! ♪
♪ Don’t bring your old tricks here,
I’ll rip your screens and show your worth ♪
♪ This is a perfect sketch,
don’t cross the line ♪
♪ I'll break your bones
and feed you biscuits! ♪
Oh god! They are getting so violent!
♪ Today, it's fun,
Tomorrow, it's empty! ♪
Malaiarasan, look!
Oh no, they are breaking everything
on his head!
Now, what do I tell Suji?!
Grandpa!
♪ I’m anytime, anywhere, always happy ♪
♪ Life’s a race, bro,
trolling earns the cash, bro! ♪
Grandpa!
♪ And, you've just lost! ♪
♪ Don’t bring your old tricks here ♪
♪ I’ll rip your screens and show my worth! ♪
♪ This is a perfect sketch,
don’t cross the line ♪
What are you doing, Grandpa?
Come on, let's go.
Wait! Look what's happenening there.
See, how he's beating him up!
♪ Today, it's fun,
Tomorrow, it's empty! ♪
♪ Today, it's fun… ♪
Let's go, dear.
Even the police won’t file
a complaint against Malaiarasan.
But this guy who's beating him up,
he’s the real police in my eyes.
I don't know who he is or
why he's doing this,
but it feels like he's doing it for me.
Let's go, Grandpa.
Who's this random guy
beating everyone up?
Malaiarasan is out cold.
Let's use this situation.
I'll take pictures, make it look like
I took down Malaiarasan,
and send them to Suji to build
a strong case for my love.
♪ Today, it's fun,
Tomorrow, it's empty! ♪
-Singaram, sir!
-Hmm?
Super, sir!
-Amazing, sir.
-Super, sir.
What's going on with these people?
I'm wearing the usual coaching clothes
I wear on Wednesdays,
and they’re acting like it’s
the first time they’ve seen it!
-Sir! Super!
-You killed it, sir!
Maybe Suji saw the pictures
and told everyone about it.
Singaram, master! Super!
It's Suji.
Confirmed!
Suji... Suji, dear!
Note this down.
Boys, come on.
Pass!
Hey, I’ll join you guys too!
Thanks a lot.
For what?
For beating them up black and blue
at the bar last night.
I beat them?
What are you talking about?
Stop acting.
I know everything.
Know what?
-That you're a cop.
-What?!
If you'd hit them at school,
they would have found out you're a cop.
So you covered your face and
hit them at the bar. Correct?
-No, you've got it all wrong--
-I know everything.
What does she know?
I brought you here.
Of course, I know.
The pictures are working!
-Saravana...
-What, Singaram?
I’ll tell you something,
but don’t be shocked.
What is it?
I’ve made Suji fall for me.
What?!
Don’t believe me?
Come on.
She saw the pictures of me
beating Malaiarasan.
That’s how she fell for me.
-Good morning.
-Good morning, miss.
Look, how she’s gazing at me.
See the romance in her eyes
Look well!
Nice smile.
Didn’t I tell you?
I won’t tell anyone,
you shouldn’t either.
Okay.
-Singaram, sir!
-Who’s that?
Super!
Hey!
You saw the pictures?
Don’t tell anyone.
Why would I? Everyone’s already
telling me. Look!
A crab's hook, an elephant's stomp,
and a crocodile's bite.
-Damn!
-And it's not just this. Look over there!
Singaram, master. Super!
How did they get the pictures?
My dear lord, I've worked so hard
to take these pictures.
Please let my love succeed!
Oh god, the whole world has
seen it except Suji!
They should have come looking
for me by now?!
-Where is P.T. Master Singaram?
-He's in the staff room.
I’ll break his bones today.
Hey!
You!
What are you looking for there?
It’s been five minutes since I came.
You’re really slow.
Whoa, he has dismantled them,
piece by piece!
Did I send the pictures to them too?
Hey! Why did you hit my brother?
I hit him? When?
Once, when I was just a little kid,
I was having food with my family.
Suddenly, my father started choking.
My uncle told me to hit his back
a few times, so I did.
And just like that,
my father passed away.
My mother said,
'Oh god! You killed your father!'
She made me swear I’d never lay
a hand on anyone again.
Since then, I never even hit a nail
to hang his picture.
I used gum instead.
I’ve never hit a wall
while trying to park.
I’ve never, in my entire life,
hit the gym.
I’ve never hit a ball in cricket
or kicked a goal in football.
I’ve never thrown a stone at a dog
or swatted a mosquito.
I’ve never hit the wrong floor
button in an elevator.
I’ve never hit the pause button
nor the rewind button!
I’ve never hit the dance floor,
nor a coin on the carrom board.
I've never hit the horn,
nor have I ever hit the jackpot!
I’ve never hit the best angle in a selfie,
nor hit the right stroke in swimming.
I’ve never hit the right
punchline in a joke
Nor hit a high score in any game!
I’ve never hit the right
speed while driving!
I’ve never hit snooze on my alarm,
nor hit a sweet spot in my diet!
I’ve never hit the right balance in life.
nor a hundred on a test.
Nor have I...
Come here, you!
-What is it?
-Lend me your ears.
-I've never hit that too!
-Yuck! Yuck! Yuck!
Stop with the nonsense, you freak!
Someone who never hit anything,
broke my mother’s promise
to hit only one thing.
And that’s to hit on Suji!
I took those pictures just to find
a place in her heart!
Just like a baby cries for milk,
to make my love work,
I don’t eat, sleep, smile, or even think!
I stand here, broken and scarred
by my love for her!
Only people like us know how
hard it is to find a beautiful girl!
For my love to succeed,
you all need to pray for me!
Shut up!
What did I ask and what are
you going on about?
Get out!
Leave!
Get lost!
Wait, wait. I’m going...
I figured they’d hand it to me,
not toss it at us like this.
Give me a second!
You're insulting me by saying
this freak hit me?
Buns are for eating,
not attacking.
Damn you all!
Thank goodness I escaped because
they were all patients.
Or they would’ve
made me one of them!
Hey, what are you doing here?
Tell me the way!
A way?
Go straight, then take a right.
There’s an auto stand there,
and they know all the routes
-Just ask them and go.
-Hey, hey!
Are you kidding? Listen!
From the tables and chairs to the kitchen
and booze, you’ve ruined my bar!
And now I’ve lost seven lakhs!
My partner kicked me out
until I get the money.
Give me the money!
Even Malaiarasan and his men have admitted
I wasn’t the one fighting the other day.
-Why don’t you believe me?
-Hey! Don’t lie!
I saw you covering your face
with my own eyes!
-I was in the bathroom...
-Bathroom what? Tell me!
Hey! I broke Malaiarasan’s hand
and destroyed your bar as well.
How could I let them go when they
raised their hands on Suji?
Thank you!
You’ve admitted it without any drink.
-Now, pay me.
-Hey, listen now.
Everything I said was a lie for my love!
I swear, I didn’t break your bar.
Really? You didn’t do it?
Who said that?
I’d kill for Suji!
If I’d done that and gone to jail,
who would take care of her like I do?
That’s why I beat them up and
destroyed your bar. Know that!
Stop talking nonsense!
If I don’t get seven lakhs in four days,
I’ll kill you!
-Come on, man, understand.
-Understand what?
Understand what?
Oh god, she’s coming and going,
and I’m losing my mind talking
all this nonsense.
Are you insulting me?
Yes, I am! Things break in a fight.
What do you want now?
Things break?
How do I look to you?
You look like a buffalo without horns.
What now?
-Hey!
-Just stop!
-You just want your seven lakhs, right?
-Yes.
I’ve got an estate in Ooty.
I’ll sell a small piece of that...
and settle your money. Okay?
-Yeah, when will--
-Hey! He said he’ll pay you, right? Leave!
Yes, listen to that respectable
elder. Won’t you?
Listen, he’ll pay you back in a week.
If not, take him and rip his life out.
-I guarantee it.
-Yes, do that!
One week.
If I don’t get the money in a week,
just as he said, I’ll rip your life out!
Hey! You old man!
Go on, pay him back.
Why did you suggest that?
You, stop!
-I’ll deal with you in a week.
-Hey, let’s talk about this first.
I’ve given the guarantee.
Who are you to
give a guarantee on my life?
Hey, you slick!
Damn, this old man has got
me into trouble.
Paint a bit more on the right.
It looks off!
Don't mix too much red.
What, sir? An advertisement
on the school wall?
It's Saravanan sir's idea to get
a sponsorship from the shoe company.
They get the ad,
and our children get…
see for yourself!
Sir, until now, we’ve all seen
the children playing barefoot.
I realize that even though we
all see the same thing,
our perceptions are different.
Super, sir.
♪ Even when the path is dark,
You are the light that shows the way! ♪
If an empty wall can get them shoes,
imagine what the wealthy can do.
If we take care of them now,
in the future, they won't just care for us,
but they'll care for the nation as well.
♪ Hey hero! The fire inside you
burns with passion ♪
♪ Time is the only thing
common to all of us! ♪
Come on, boys.
Hey, wait up. I'm here!
♪ Even if you're wounded,
if you win, it’s worth it! ♪
-It's my seat!
-It's mine!
-Sorry, sorry.
-It's okay. Careful!
♪ From now on, you’re your own
competition, move forward! ♪
♪ Turn the stumbling block into
a stepping stone, move forward! ♪
♪ Rise up, take one more shot,
move forward! ♪
♪ Experience is now our teacher! ♪
♪ From now on, you’re your own
competition, move forward! ♪
♪ Turn the stumbling block into
a stepping stone, move forward! ♪
♪ Rise up, take one more shot,
move forward! ♪
Why is it not moving?
Oh god! It's flying now?
♪ Wake up, brother, wake up! ♪
You're carrying me like a parachute?
You idiot!
♪ Wake up, brother, wake up!
Wake up, friend, wake up! ♪
-Hi!
Oh god! Just a second.
Bye.
She's coming!
It's you?!
-Move, I need to go to the toilet.
-Why do you do this, Agasu?
Wait, move your belly.
Damn your strong tummy, old man!
What a stink! Shucks!
-Thanks a lot.
-Why are you thanking for all this?
That picture looks good.
That's somewhere in Indonesia.
It's my granddaughter's dream to build
a home and live there!
♪ Even if the struggle continues,
give love some time! ♪
♪ Let love be your medicine
and run with full strength! ♪
♪ Even if you fall, even if you stumble,
Rise like never before, again and again ♪
You're getting donations from
my brother and me both?
Who else is as generous as you, sir?
♪ Even if you fall, even if you stumble,
Rise like never before, again and again ♪
♪ History will change its course,
If you persist without giving up, for you! ♪
♪ Wake up, brother, wake up!
Wake up, friend, wake up! ♪
♪ Wake up brother… ♪
Hello, what are you doing here?
-This cup?
-Just put it there.
♪ Wake up, dear friend! ♪
Watch out!
Oh, god!
Move aside!
What happened?
Move. How did it happen?
-No idea, sir.
-Get the van!
How is he?
No danger to his life.
Treatment is ongoing.
Thank God.
Let’s head to the police station
right away.
-Police station?
-Yes, just listen to him.
Sir, Gokul didn’t fall by himself.
They threw him.
You heard him?
What are you talking about?
Hey, you took the wrong can.
Go get the spirit can!
Hey, did you mix up the cans?
Chuck it, no one can know he
fainted from our spirit.
Just toss him off the floor.
I’ll handle the rest.
Poor Gokul, sir.
Tomorrow is his birthday.
We can’t let this slide!
Let’s go, sir.
Madam, hold on a minute!
Sir! What happened wasn’t an accident.
The boy drank their factory spirit.
-You should arrest--
-Wait, madam.
Listen to what the boy's
parents have to say.
Hey, speak.
A lizard fell into the sambar
we made this morning.
My son ate it without realizing,
and then he fainted at school, sir.
Did you hear that?
Hey, go check on your son.
Go! Go on now!
That's a lie!
Sir, he has threatened them.
I’ll file a complaint, an FIR--
-FIR?!
-Sir!
Don’t touch me.
Listen, teacher.
Teach the kids, not me.
His parents have admitted to
what happened.
Shut up and leave.
You did all of this, and now you have
the nerve to talk like that?
Hey!
My brother is a politician.
He just removed your saree
to maintain his image.
If you keep going with this,
I’ll take your life.
Everyone, listen up!
As long as you don’t cross our path,
we’re good people.
But try to cross us...
-Hey, Kamala!
-What?
You’ve gained weight since last time?
What’s going on?
Doesn’t matter about the weight!
My moves are as good as ever!
Want to challenge me?
Challenge? Me?
Hey, stop!
Change the beat.
Hey, Singaram!
You!
-Damn, it’s Pattasamy.
You promised to pay me back,
and now you’re cheating me?
Stop!
Where did he go?
Sir, he’s here!
Hey!
Damn it, you work at his bar? Hold this.
Good lord!
Stay put!
It’s done. Leave.
Next one! Come on, sit.
For what?
-You’re here to wear the costume, right?
-I’m not here for that.
Come on, hurry up!
Move it faster!
Hey, check if there’s an issue
with the main board.
Okay, sir.
-Hey, what’s happening?
-I’ll check, sir.
Hey, go check what that sound is.
Come on!
If you keep going with this,
I’ll take your life.
It's spinning.
Stop, stop, stop!
It's pointing to me. I'll kill him!
No, it's pointing to me. I’ll do it.
-No, I'll do it.
-Wait!
I’ll spin it again.
Whoever it points to, can kill him.
Damn, they’re gambling with my life.
We should’ve killed you last time.
Letting you go was a mistake.
Once my boss is back from the hospital,
I’ll cut you into pieces.
Is my life a birthday cake?
I did nothing!
It didn’t break by itself.
It’s because of his eyes!
This is
Nokku Varmam!
You idiot!
I'm telling you I did nothing!
Then why did you go into the
godown in costume?
That...
I wore the costume to hide from him!
Apply more of it!
But he came before me.
I turned away, and the H.M. was there.
I didn’t know what to do.
Hello, sir.
You used to always wear gold jewelry.
Now you look so simple?
It’s all because of that
dimwit Singaram!
I sold all my gold just to buy a new lorry.
But when I get him, his funeral
offerings will be next.
I’ll cut him into pieces and
sell him at the market.
Singaram! Where are you?
I won't spare you!
The Lord has arrived! Oh, lord!
I’ve seen this lord before…
At the temple, you idiot!
Wherever I went, he was there.
So, I jumped into a lorry that was parked.
The driver started driving off
just as I sat down.
Driver, stop the vehicle!
-Him again?
-Who’s that?
It’s like trying to hide from a snake
inside its own den.
I got into his lorry to escape him.
A little while later, the lorry stopped.
I bought a new lorry.
Prayed in the morning, spoke to the boss,
and he agreed to give me the load.
Wait, let me confirm.
I want my life to prosper again.
To escape that damn buffalo,
I entered the company.
That’s when I saw your man,
beaten and hanging.
And, I saw the guy
you’re looking for.
How was he in person?
He looked just like me!
Why couldn't you wear another costume?
Why the same one as mine?
It’s fine. I’m Singaram.
Just give me your name, address,
or phone number before you leave.
Why would I give you my details
while I’m in disguise?
I’m wearing one too!
Didn’t I tell you my name?
Tell me, sir.
It might help when the
terrorists catch us. Please!
He's in full on fight mode!
So, you didn't burn the factory?
He threw it.
I caught it and dropped it.
-I don’t understand.
-I don’t either!
Singaram, it's you!
-Fire! Fire!
-Oh, no! My lorry.
Hey, you've destroyed my future!
Your men thought it was me
and dragged me here.
He’s really good at making
believable lies.
Really?
-Sir, we’ve got the guy.
-Sir…
you should be judge for this.
Who’s impersonating who?
I don’t get it.
He keeps beating you up,
yet you keep locking me up.
Hey, get lost.
Nice to meet you.
Brother, be careful with your neck.
Don’t flare your nostrils too much,
insects might mistake them for caves.
That’s a huge hole.
See, he’s turning like a table fan.
You’ve crushed me so much.
Why did you let him go, sir?
You think he’s worth it?
Someone’s messing with our family.
First, he beat me up when I was drunk.
Now, he came in costume to beat you
and destroy the factory.
He’s using the festival to mess with us.
I don’t know who he is or
why he’s doing this.
Don’t ease up just because
the police are after him.
Send out our boys to look for him.
-You're here for a bath?
-No, I'm here kill you!
Listen, you can't fool me
like you fool them.
This time, I saw you beat them up
and burn my lorry!
It’s fifteen lakhs now for
the bar and the lorry.
Pay me now!
Stop overthinking and messing
with your head.
Where would I get that kind of money?
Just let it go.
Let it go?
But you said you’d sell a piece
of your estate and settle my debts!
I don’t even own a speaker.
I just made that up.
I’ll give you a free idea
to settle my debt.
What idea?
Why not kidnap a rich kid from
your school and get the money?
Kidnap?!
Oh, are you hesitating because
you're a teacher?
That’s something a real teacher
would worry about.
Listen, the richest kid in the school
is Mudiarasan’s son.
-Is he good for you?
-Hey! Mudiarasan’s son?
If we get caught,
they’ll chop off our heads!
Of all the rich kids in the school,
he’s the only soft-spoken one.
A soft one from that family?
Of course, you’ll laugh.
You have the money now.
Hey, I didn’t get anything.
I’ve only got my losses!
You should kidnap the boy tomorrow.
Or else, you’ll see the bad side
of Pattasamy!
Can I even do this?
Let me just give it a try.
If it works out, I’ll start
kidnapping kids one by one
and buy some estates in Ooty.
Hey, come here.
-Where are you going?
-To the bathroom, sir.
It stinks in there.
Hold this kerchief to your nose.
It'll help.
-Okay, sir. Thank you.
-Alright.
He's still in there.
Which means, he's fainted.
Okay.
Sir, thanks. I used it.
I'll wash it and bring it tomorrow.
He used it and
is still walking normally?
This one didn’t work?
How did I miss this?
What happened to him?
Oh, that’s how I missed it!
He's always getting in the
way of my plans.
It's him!
Hello!
-What happened?
-Nothing.
A small mishap with the spray.
My mistake.
Next attempt will be a success.
One hit and you’re mine!
-Who’s that?!
-Hey, I found the stump.
Hey, hey. Stop running.
Stop before I get mad.
What?
You know what?
Go practice with that stump and
become a big player like Dhoni!
I’ll become Dhoni or Ronaldo.
What’s it to you?
-Taking our stumps...
-Okay, okay. Go on, sir.
They’ve raised a demon, not a kid.
I worry about the world that has them!
Submit this by tomorrow.
-Note it down.
-Okay, miss.
-Hi!
-It’s my birthday.
-Happy birthday.
-Thank you, miss.
God bless.
Swetha, come here.
-Where did you get this watch?
-My father gave it to me.
Muthu, did you see Saravanan, sir?
I think he went to the sports room.
Why are you so tensed?
I saw the watch I gifted Ramya
on Swetha’s wrist.
There'll be thousands of
watches in the same design.
Maybe. But I’m sure that’s my watch.
Swetha’s father has a pawn shop.
We know Ramya was poor.
Maybe they pawned it there.
No, I saw her wearing it the day
she went missing!
I have a doubt.
That’s why I want to tell this
to Saravanan sir.
He’s a new teacher.
What connection does he have with Ramya?
That...
Don’t tell anyone.
He’s not a PT master.
He’s a cop.
He’s here to investigate Ramya’s case
under the guise of a teacher.
If we tell him this, it could help
his investigation, right?
Teacher!
What if Ramya ran away with
the pawned money?
Why don’t we check at the shop and
then inform Saravanan sir?
Hey!
What are you doing? Stop!
Sir, sir. Please let us go!
You’ve recorded videos of girls
in the school bathroom.
And you're smoking pot as well.
Let’s go to the police!
Sir, please don’t tell anyone.
Our lives will be in danger.
Your life is in danger?
What are you saying?
Yes, sir. If Mutharasu finds out,
he’ll kill us.
-Mutharasu?
-Yes, sir.
He was the one who always brought the
pot to school, hidden in cigarettes.
Even if we didn’t want it,
he forced us into that habit, sir.
Sir, when Ramya found out about
the video, he killed her as well.
One day, Mutharasu was watching
a video at home...
-Muthu, your uncle is calling you.
-I’m coming.
I’ll get it done tomorrow, uncle.
You rascal!
-Ramya, we won’t do it again.
-What are you doing?
Hold her!
Lift her up.
We felt so bad for Ramya.
We told him not to,
but he didn’t listen.
Let me go!
-Let me go!
-Muthu, don't do it.
-Mutharasu!
-Let me go, Muthu!
Suji?
-Go fast.
-Okay, ma’am.
Hey, if you dare tell anyone
what happened here, I’ll end you both.
We won’t, sir.
Saravanan sir is calling.
-Hello, Saravanan.
-Hello, Sujitha! Don't go with him!
Get out of the car right now!
-Hello, Saravanan.
-Hello?
-Sujitha?!
-Hello, Saravanan?
-Can you hear me? Hello?
I can’t hear anything over
this festival noise.
-Hello, don’t go with him!
-Saravanan?
Get the window up!
-Hello, get out of the car.
-Can you hear me?
-Teacher?
-Damn, I can't hear anything!
Stop honking!
Teacher, they won’t move
unless I honk.
Put your phone down.
Talk to him later.
Saravanan, I can't hear you.
I'll call you later.
Hello, Suji! Hello?!
Teacher, this is Swetha’s father's shop.
You can go!
Who pawned this watch to you?
Brick Kiln' Murugesan, madam.
He took the money and left.
He works at my family’s
brick kiln, teacher. Let’s go!
Drive faster!
If the boy is out here driving,
what the hell is Singaram doing at school?
-Hello.
-Where are you?
You just ruined my plan with your call!
I almost had him.
Stop lying, you idiot!
The boy isn’t even at school.
I just saw him in a car with a teacher.
I’ll follow them and
send you my live location.
At least get there fast!
Sir, where was the procession
ten minutes ago?
-It was passing through
Theradi
Street.
-
Theradi
Street? Okay!
This is the place, teacher.
After the flag hoisting,
there’ll be a grand procession.
Tomorrow is the Devi festival,
and on the fourth day, Mayana Kollai.
The whole town will be celebrating!
Teacher, that’s Murugesan!
Who gave you the watch
you pawned?
How did you get the watch?
She’s asking you, answer her!
How did the watch end up
at the pawn shop?
I’m sorry!
It looked like gold, so I pawned it
before I burned the body.
What?! You burned her?!
-Hey, burn her like we always do.
-Got it.
Why do you keep digging into this?
Are you trying to play detective?
She’s dead.
Get it now?
I pay you well, you useless idiot.
Now, because of that damn watch,
this one knows everything.
Kill her too.
She must be here. Search!
Round her up!
-Go that side.
-Check the back entrance.
-Make sure not a single spot is left!
-You got her?
Search every corner thoroughly!
Where is she?!
Hey! She's there.
Get her!
-Don't let her escape.
-Kill her now!
-Round her up.
-You, stop!
Sujitha!
Stop.
Stop, you!
You can't run anymore.
Kill her now.
Come on, fast!
-Hop on.
-It's that way. Go!
Quick!
Climb.
Oh, what?
You're all ganging up on me?
-If my uncle finds out about this…
-Hey!
I’ve already beaten up both your uncles.
Bring your father this time!
What? He’s been dead for three years.
How will he come?
Oh, he’ll come this time!
What, scared?
Call your father!
I’m not scared!
I’ll call him right now.
-What is he doing?
-That’s the end for you all!
-Hello.
-Hello, Dad!
-They’re beating me up!
-Who?
They’re trying to kill me!
--Who?! Tell me!
-It's my-
Hey, Mutharasu!
Muthu!
What did you do to my son?
Muthu? Muthu?!
Hey! If something happens to my son,
I'll kill you.
Doctor?
He’s slipped into a coma.
We can’t say when he’ll recover.
Nurse!
We don’t know who did this to our boy.
Our entire family is raging!
Tell me, did he have any issues
or fights at school?
Sir, he was a good kid!
He never got into any trouble or fights.
Who could be so cruel to hurt
a boy like him?
What an act!After everything you did!
Hey, I’ll ask again.
You were the last one to
take him somewhere.
Where did you take him
during school hours?
How many times should
I repeat myself?
I found Ramya’s watch.
When I inquired, they said Murugesan
from your kiln had pawned it.
So we went there to question him.
That’s when someone with a covered
face started beating everyone up.
I got scared and ran away.
That’s all I know!
Damn, why are they looking at me?
Suji, the guy who beat him up…
he didn’t have curls like me, right?
Nope.
And he wasn’t as dark as me, right?
Not too dark or fair…
more like brown.
-It's brown.
-Hey!
Even if you confessed,
I wouldn’t believe it was you.
I know you’re useless.
Useless?!
If we get that guy,
we’ll get to the bottom of this.
Yeah, right. He’s standing right
in front of you, and you found nothing!
You guys are more useless than me.
-Everyone, leave.
-Alright, let’s go. Come on!
-Teacher, give your statement before you leave.
-Sure, sir.
Madam, I’ll need your ID.
Sir, this is important.
Keep it to yourself.
No idea who filed the complaint,
but they’ve sent a special officer from
the Commissioner’s office to spy on you.
There’s a black sheep among you.
Could the cop be behind all this?
No, an undercover cop wouldn’t
stir things up like this.
Find out who it is.
I’ll reach out to my source at the
Commissioner’s office and get full details.
Brother, why are you here?
-Where is Muthu?
-He's in the ICU.
Uncle...
Sir, you can't enter the ICU.
If something happens to my son,
I'll kill you all!
I'm living in hiding for you two!
And you couldn't even protect my son?
-Did you catch the one who did this?
-We're searching.
-None of the others saw him?
-Brother…
our boy is lucky.
The doctor said none of the others
will make it out alive.
Just like a mechanic breaks down cars,
you took down three men in their family
and now you're sitting here all innocent?
My blood pressure is skyrocketing
just looking at you!
I should've ratted you out
at the hospital!
Do you even realize what
would've happened to you?
Then why didn’t you?
Ask him to try.
I'll just say he was the mastermind
behind all this and walk away.
Should I make you his partner?
Oh god! Me?!
You're scared, aren’t you?
Same here. That’s why I kept my mouth shut.
Saravanan!
Get out of here.
-Escape soon.
-Why?!
They know there's an
undercover cop among them.
They know?!
Oh god!
I'm dead.
Oh god, this weirdo is
swooping in like a vulture!
Why are you so scared, sir?
I’m that cop.
A cop?
We’ve been receiving a lot of
complaints from Arasankottai.
I want you to go there, investigate,
and report back to me.
No one should know you’re a cop.
Look… I’m actually a coward.
I only got this job because
my father was a cop.
I took it up just to make a living.
They sent me here as a dummy officer
just a formality to "investigate"
the missing girl case.
If they find out I’m the cop,
I don't know what they'll do to me!
Then why did you
pretend to be a cop?
I never said I was!
Then why did you beat them all up?!
Tell me!
For my wife.
♪ Oh, my moonlit sky!
My life’s dearest companion! ♪
♪ I will guard you like my own eyes ♪
♪ Oh, my gentle blossom! ♪
♪ I will hold you close in the depths
of my heart, forever! ♪
She's my wife!
♪ Without you, my eyes refuse to sleep,
For you have become my shadow ♪
♪ You came into my life,
warm as a mother's embrace! ♪
♪ You are my breath, my very soul! ♪
♪ A blessing you are, my destined half ♪
♪ And I will rest in your love
for a lifetime! ♪
♪ A blessing you are, my destined half! ♪
♪ And I will rest in your love
for a lifetime! ♪
My wife was
a PA to Minister Maasilamani.
Mudiyarsan was his right-hand man.
♪ Every day, I long to laugh with you ♪
♪ To lose myself in the music
of your voice! ♪
♪ I wish to wake up to your
face every day! ♪
♪ To walk miles with my fingers
entwined in yours ♪
♪ To comb your hair,
to kiss you tenderly ♪
♪ To live as the shade that
follows your light! ♪
♪ Without you, my eyes refuse to sleep! ♪
♪ For you have become my shadow ♪
♪ You came into my life,
warm as a mother's embrace! ♪
♪ You are my breath, my very soul! ♪
♪ A blessing you are, my destined half ♪
♪ And I will rest in your love
for a lifetime! ♪
♪ A blessing you are, my destined half ♪
♪ And I will rest in your love
for a lifetime! ♪
♪ Oh, my moonlit sky!
My life’s dearest companion! ♪
♪ I will guard you like my own eyes ♪
♪ Without you, my eyes refuse to sleep! ♪
♪ For you have become my shadow! ♪
♪ For you, I will be a mother’s warmth! ♪
♪ Holding you close in love’s embrace ♪
♪ From now on, you are my everything! ♪
♪ A mother’s warmth ♪
♪ A mother’s warmth! ♪
Yes, sir.
The Election Commission is set to
announce the dates tomorrow.
Once that happens, security will tighten,
and mobilizing election funds
won't be possible.
We have 100 crores ready in the vehicle.
I need you both to deliver it to
the district secretary.
Sir, you’ve always treated me
like a daughter,
which is why I’m asking.
Today is my wedding day.
-I'm visting the temple this evening--
-What is this now?
Ranipet is nearby.
We’ll be back before evening. Come.
It’s not just a few lakhs,
it’s 100 crores.
It has to reach safely.
There’s no one else I trust more
than the two of you.
No issues, sir.
We’ll handle it.
We’ve been waiting for this for so long…
Our lives are about to change.
Wait for me at the temple.
I’ll be there with a special gift.
100 crores.
The minister thinks
it’ll reach the voters,
but the district secretary
will skim half.
The rest will be split among
councillors and ward members.
This is black money. If it disappears,
no one can file a complaint.
So?
Why beat around the bush?
Why don’t we take it all for ourselves?
What are you saying, brother?!
A lifetime of work won’t
earn us this much.
What’s the point of loyalty?
We should be smart.
Brother, if you say another word,
I’ll call the minister.
No, sister!
I was just testing you.
Our boss has given us enough.
Why steal?
What are you doing?
Why are you taking this route?
There's a checkpost on the main road.
No point in taking risks.
We'll take this shorcut.
What happened?
Not sure.
Wait here.
I’ll check.
She won’t agree to our plan.
She’s an orphan.
Since the minister raised her,
she sees him as her father.
She won’t let us take the money.
Then why talk?
Let’s just kill her!
One less share to split.
Brother! Madhavi is missing!
-What?!
-Look carefully!
She was right here. Search!
Pick up the phone!
Saravana, answer it!
Hey! She’s here!
Catch her!
Don’t let her escape.
We’ll be in trouble.
-Look there!
-Okay.
Search everywhere!
Get her!
Come on.
What happened?
Hey, go, get her!
You're dead.
Die!
Brother!
Stop! Someone's calling.
Who just called us?
Me!
How do I reach the main road?
Head east. You’ll find it.
Great!
Thanks a lot.
Alright, brother. Let's go!
Just today, I found out I’m pregnant.
It’s my wedding day,
and I’ve been waiting so
eagerly to tell my husband.
Brother...
I didn’t just call you that.
I meant it.
As a sister, I beg you.
If not for me,
at least for the sake of my unborn child…
please let me go, brother.
Please!
Why, brother?
They staged a dead body to look
like Mudiarasan, burned it,
and made it seem like he was dead.
Brother!
That's his watch!
That's our brother, sir.
Madhavi’s body was destroyed
without a trace,
and her ashes were dispersed.
In the end,
they convinced the minister
that Madhavi had killed Mudiarasan
and escaped with the money.
-You raised as your own daughter!
-Our brother is gone!
-She stole your money, sir!
-We have no one now.
We are orphans now, sir.
We’re crying just hearing your story.
How do you say it
without shedding a tear?
My sufferings in jail...
have hardened me.
Jail?
Yes.
That evening, I was waiting for
Madhavi at the temple.
Meanwhile, the minister
misinterpreted her message to me.
He mistook her special gift
to me as the money.
And had me arrested.
He thought we had planned this together
and tortured me for
the money’s whereabouts.
I know Madhavi, sir.
She would never do this!
-Something else must have happened--
-Hey!
She took the money as per your plan.
We caught you before
you could both escape!
Where is she?
Sir, I swear she didn't--
Where the hell is she?!
Meanwhile, the minister
believed Mudiarasan...
had sacrificed himself to
protect the money.
He made his brothers Union Chairman,
a Co-operative Society President,
a School Correspondent,
and even giving them a factory,
out of gratitude.
I couldn't do much for him,
so in his name,
I’ll give everything to you both.
After three years in jail,
a kind man helped me get out.
Bit by bit,
I pieced everything together.
We get it.
So, you lured him out of hiding
just to kill him for revenge.
-Am I right?
-Nope.
Death is freedom.
It takes just a second.
I want to punish him.
He killed my wife, ruined my life,
and made me suffer
for the money, right?
He should suffer a hundred times
more than I did.
The money he’s been hiding for,
I’m going to steal that
hundred crores from him.
That’s enough!
We’re already in enough trouble.
We can’t do this.
If you help me, you can split
the entire money among yourselves.
What?!
Seriously?
That’s 20 crores each!
What are you saying?
If I’m getting crores,
I’m fine with doing
clownery and buffoonery.
Let’s start the game.
Someone with a covered face hit you.
Another guy in a costume hit him.
And we still don’t know
who attacked my son.
Something’s off.
If anyone wanted to come after us,
it would be ex-MLA Ezhumalai,
the liquor factory owner we ousted
or that estate guy.
One of them must’ve hired someone.
We’re questioning everyone.
Don’t stress.
I’m not in this for the money.
I’ll stand with you for justice.
The who doesn’t matter…
as much as the why.
A man who fights you face-to-face
is an enemy.
A man who stabs you in the back
is a traitor.
But this one isn't either.
The brothers knew using the stolen
money would expose them,
so they’ve kept it untouched
for three years.
To hide 100 crores, they need a
huge, specially designed locker.
Only two companies in India make those.
When I checked,
I found out one of them delivered
such a locker to this town.
After I arrived,
I searched their house,
their theater, their factory.
But I couldn't find it.
They split the locker key into three parts,
with each brother holding one.
We lost the keys in the fight, brother.
We’re looking for it.
We've asked the locker company
to send someone to make a duplicate.
Did you lose the key in the fight,
or was the fight for the key?
I fought the brothers and took
two parts of the key from them.
To get the third, I needed
Mudiarasu to resurface.
But I didn't know where he was.
I thought beating up his brothers
would lure him out.
He didn’t show.
When I punished his son,
his love forced him out of hiding.
There’s a link between
all these incidents.
Find that, and we’ll find him.
You’re chasing the wrong lead.
He's planned meticulously
and he's closing in without haste.
Now, we need the last key and
the locker’s location.
I need your help for that.
They killed your wife to steal that money
when it wasn’t even theirs
Now it is theirs.
They’ll be worse than cruel.
If we screw up, they’ll make us
regret we ever lived.
The wind doesn’t always blow
in the same direction.
If we plan it right,
we can outsmart them.
For this, we need one of their own.
Someone who knows them inside out.
There is one.
Yes! He was my partner once.
He lost everything to them in debt
because he was a drunkard
and ended up as their henchman.
If he drinks, he spills everything.
-Then let’s get him drunk.
-Won’t work. He quit after joining them.
A drunkard quitting booze is
like a cat ignoring fish.
Just put it in front of him,
and instinct takes over.
-You said he was in costume?
-Yes, brother.
Check where he could’ve bought it.
Okay.
A hidden tiger is more dangerous
than one that attacks openly.
You can never predict its move.
From now on,
we’re all Gangers.
Gangers?
Isn’t Gangster the actual word?
Yeah, but that’s old.
We’ll make our own.
Say it with pride!
Gangers!
We are Gangers!
Stop.
Stop the bike.
Blow into this.
Sir, I don’t drink.
I quit three years ago.
Let the machine decide. Blow.
See?
Nothing. Happy?
- Now, suck on it.
- …Suck?
It's the new law.
You have to blow and suck.
Go on.
Seriously?
Not like that!
Do it like a cow drinking water.
Like that. Do it!
Sir!
Sir, there’s alcohol in this!
You’re the drunk one,
and you’re questioning me?
No, I swear I didn’t drink!
Wait… did I? I don’t know!
-See? You’re already blabbering.
-I didn’t do it on purpose!
Voluntary or not, I don’t care.
Neither does the machine.
Come, let's go to the station.
Sir, sir! Wait.
-Here, take this.
-What?
Hey! Don’t bribe me in public, you idiot!
There are CCTV cameras!
In this town?
Don’t look up! My seniors
might be watching!
What do I do?
See that bar?
Find a guy named Bar Pandi
and give it to him.
In the bar?
Yes. Or I’ll take your license. Go!
He’s tasted alcohol.
Now he’ll want more.
Cheers!
Mission is possible!
-Bro, who’s Pandi here?
-He’ll come. Wait.
You go now.
-Can you open this?
-Me?
If he opens it,
the job’s done.
Hello!
He’s opening it!
If he licks his fingers,
he’s already craving more.
He did it!
Sorry! Don't mistake me.
I got too excited.
Bro, the cap’s stuck. Can you open it?
Ofcourse!
Here.
♪ The village rooster’s already crowing! ♪
What is it?
You’ve started drinking again.
What if your boss finds out?
Who the hell cares?!
Is he some saint?
He’s making alcohol himself!
♪
Open up, Kuruvamma…
Hey, that’s Suji.
No way. Why would she come here?
♪ Kuppan’s wife, oh Kuruvamma,
Why are you still asleep? ♪
♪ Didn’t sleep a wink all night, my dear! ♪
♪ My rogue husband kept me up all night ♪
♪ Spread the bed by eight o’clock ♪
♪ Turned off the lamp,
now ten on the clock! ♪
♪ A kiss alone took two whole hours ♪
♪ The rest of the night?
Five more hours! ♪
♪ Oh, Kuppan’s troubles never cease! ♪
♪ Haven’t slept in days, oh please! ♪
♪ Young blood, young love! ♪
♪ Tell me, dear Kuruvamma,
Why haven’t you cooked today? ♪
♪ Step into the kitchen at dawn, and bam! ♪
He’s teasing me all day long, oh damn! ♪
♪ Wash the rice, he grabs my hand ♪
♪ Pick the dal, he turns up the fan! ♪
♪ Hold a spoon, he touches my cheek ♪
♪ How do I cook? He won’t let me be! ♪
♪ Oh, Kuppan’s troubles never cease! ♪
♪ Haven’t cooked in days, oh please! ♪
Their crimes have no end.
And I’ve witnessed it all.
If I confess, they’ll be hanged!
♪ Tell me, dear Kuruvamma ♪
♪ Why didn’t you come to the cinema? ♪
♪ Got my ticket, all set for drama! ♪
♪ But in my house, it’s matinee time! ♪
♪ While I bathe, he sneaks around ♪
♪ Draping my saree, he spins me round! ♪
♪ Button my blouse, he’s grinning wide ♪
♪ “Wait a while,” he says, with pride! ♪
♪ Oh damn! ♪
♪ Oh, Kuppan’s troubles never cease! ♪
♪ That matinee show just wouldn’t end! ♪
♪ Young blood, young love! ♪
♪ Oh, Kuppan’s troubles never cease! ♪
♪ That matinee show just wouldn’t end! ♪
♪ Haven’t cooked in days, oh please! ♪
For everything they put me through,
I tried to kill them twice.
But they escaped.
Doesn’t matter. I’ve set aside
15 lakhs of their own money.
For what?
To hire people to kill them.
I’m gonna whack them with their own money.
Cut off their limbs, burn their bodies,
and mix their ashes in my drink!
Then they'll know my power!
I’ll kill both of them and
dance at their funeral!
-Look.
-I saw it all.
What a performance that was!
What are you talking about?
Go check if he's up.
Oh, that?
Oh God! Save me!
Who’s that?
-Save me!
-Pattasamy, stop right there!
Trying to trap me with my weakness?
Delete that video, or
I’ll throw him off the building!
Let him do it.
One share less for us.
-Go on!
-Hey!
Shut up!
Please, save me!
I can delete the video...
but that would be your loss.
Trying to buy me with money?
That won’t work!
I’ll never ever betray them.
My boss is my god!
What if I offer you 10 crores?
Are they even human?
They’re cold-blooded animals!
They treat me worse than a dog.
I’m stuck there because
I have no other choice!
Tell me now, who among
the three do you want me to kill?
Just answer the damn question!
-Where’s the locker?
-Locker?
I have no clue about that.
Are you serious?
We went through all this trouble
to get you here, and you don’t know?
Alright, leave.
We’ll split your share.
Bro, bro! You’re cutting me off?
Because you’re useless to us!
Some guy named Charles is coming
from Bombay about the locker.
Not just that.
I’m the one picking him up
from the airport today.
Oh? Have you seen him before?
Not just me, even my boss
has never seen him.
He’s from that locker company in Bombay.
So, whatever you show him is
Mudiarasan’s house?
Do something.
Bring him here.
Okay.
-Chief?
-What?
Can I get an advance?
We haven’t even stolen the money yet,
and you’re asking for an advance?
-Get lost!
-Leave.
Just do your job first!
Don’t bring in a new partner
every damn time.
We’re losing shares here!
Look at them, talking like
they’re playing the stock market!
-This house?
-Yes.
Small house.
Big money!
-What is this?
-Leveler.
-And this?
-A measurer.
-What about this?
-A key set.
Why are you tying me up?
They are waiting for me at
Mudiarasan's house.
Don't worry.
Charles will be there on time.
But I'm here. How's that possible?
Like this.
How is it?
Yuck!
I’m not that bad-looking!
Hey!
You look like a soft dough ball,
and you’re calling me bad?
I’ll knock your nose off!
-Give me your glass!
-I think he's gonna get caught.
Hey! You just look innocent.
But I can hear your bad thoughts.
This guy knows nothing, yet
he gets the same 20 crores as me?
-Give me a couple more.
-Of course, take it.
Wow, he's so generous.
Is it his own money?
He’s being generous
with someone else’s! Shut up.
-Alright, it's time. Leave.
-Okay, then.
The box!
You dressed up like me, but you're
leaving the toolbox behind?
Alright, alright! Don’t cry!
Let it go.
Charles.
-Idiot Singaram!
-I told you!
Why are you calling me an idiot?
I’m calling you Charles,
and you’re just walking away!
How the hell will this plan work, then?
From the dawn of time,
no child turns to their name the
moment they’re named.
It takes at least a year.
You just named me a minute ago,
and you expect me to respond instantly?
How does that make sense?
Charles, listen.
Mudiarasan is dangerous.
One small mistake,
and you’re dead.
Be Charles. Don’t be careless.
Amal, take him.
Oh, my!
Let’s go? Come.
Feels like a JCB is carrying me.
Maths, sir!
Excuse me, is the Maths teacher here?
What is it?
Malaiarsan asked me to get you.
Oh god, I’m done for.
Why are they calling me? I’m scared.
For them, you’re just a Maths teacher.
It must be about his son’s studies.
-Don’t be scared.
-Yeah, that must be it.
Listen, Singaram is already in
that house as Charles.
Don’t act like you know him
and ruin the plan. Got it?
Teacher! Are you coming or not?
How long?!
He’s coming, he’s coming!
Keep walking.
If you screw up, it’s not just you,
they’ll kill me too
and turn us into minced meat.
Now tell me, what’s your name?
Charles.
Good. Burn it into your brain!
I don’t think he’s working alone.
He’s got a whole gang behind him.
Once I catch him,
I’m cutting off his head!
To escape the fox, I’ve run straight
into the lion’s den.
Sir, this is Charles.
Your hands look young,
but your face looks old?
Oh that?
I do lower-neck yoga.
-Please, have some.
-Okay, sir.
We can do that.
Brother, who’s this?
He’s from Bombay to fix the locker.
The inspector’s on the line. Here.
Kottai, don’t get careless
just because we caught him.
If anything feels off, we’ll kill him.
Brother, now we know who’s behind this.
Don’t worry, we can handle it.
We should find the
connection between them.
Mouth organ? I didn’t bring one.
Your moustache!
Moustache?!
Damn! It’s inside the cup!
Get that scoundrel right before me!
Yes, give me two more days.
Hey, what happened?
Ever since I flew in from Bombay,
I’ve been feeling sick.
Must be jet lag… or cholera.
She took the cup!
Hey! I told you to throw out
that expired tea!
Did you use it?
Oh, damn. Yeah, I did.
My mistake. What to do now?
He’s an outsider.
Doesn’t matter.
Expired tea?!
Damn, you witches!
They are so causal about it?!
Even the women in this house
are criminals.
Good thing my immunity is strong.
Sir!
The Maths teacher is here.
Welcome, Maths teacher.
Greetings, sir.
Greetings.
Greetings, Singaram.
Singaram?!
I screwed up.
This big-eyed fool exposed me in seconds!
Can you move, sir?
All praise to Lord Singaravelan!
He matched it.
Sir, the teacher is praying.
What, Charles? Feeling better now?
Yes, yes.
Everything’s wonderful.
Listen, Singaram is already in
that house as Charles.
Don’t act like you know him
and ruin the plan. Got it?
Who’s this?
I’ve never seen him before.
But you’ve seen me before?
No, sir.
Then why ask about him specifically?
That’s because…
You look brave like a cop...
but you're shaking with fear!
-Sorry, sorry!
-You should be more careful! Idiot!
Are you okay?
Why would you, you moron?!
Hey, why are you looking at me?
Look there!
Should I slap him?
Slap them?
Don’t screw up the plan.
I’ll kill you before that!
Stop! Down!
-Down?
-Put down your head.
-I'm sorry, sir.
-Get lost!
To hell with your massage!
Teacher, do you know why
we called you here?
I know, sir.
It’s about your son’s studies.
I even gave him extra marks
on his last exam.
He’ll become a great scientist--
Hey! Drop the act.
You think we’re fools?
We know who you are and
why you’re here!
-Look at this picture.
-He’s the cop?
Yes, I checked. He’s the one
pretending to be a teacher.
Sir, I’ll tell you the truth.
Please forgive me.
Damn, he surrendered?
My teaching job is way more
peaceful than being a cop.
I even studied formulas for this!
When the Commissioner asked for a report,
I sent him school progress
reports by mistake.
He got pissed and suspended me.
Now, this is all I have left.
Oh god, is he gonna rat me out too?!
If you have any info, sir,
I’ll submit it in my next report.
Get lost!
Sir?
He’s telling you to leave. Just go!
Wait!
Will you tell people you saw me?
Sir?!
I made the world believe I’m dead.
It won’t take much for me to kill you.
I’ll spare you.
Get out!
I thought the cop would be brave,
but he’s worse.
Alright, take Charles.
-Yes, we have to go.
-Hey, get my shirt.
Get the car.
I’m gonna escape.
You should too.
You leaving is my only chance
to survive this. Leave!
Just go!
Get down.
Will you at least let me see
the locker while I work?
We blindfolded you to keep the locker's
location a secret. Come on.
-Why are there so many steps?
-Stop talking and just walk!
Hey! All of you, leave!
What happened?
Only you touched it.
Why is the alarm blaring?
Since my hand is wounded,
it's not being scanned.
Move!
Greetings, sir.
A person from Bombay is here
to repair the locker.
Go on. Straight.
Stop turing around.
Charles, when will the key be ready?
-Two days.
-Two days?!
Stop shouting! You think this
is a cycle key?
It's for the locker.
-First, show me the locker.
-It's right there.
-Where?
-A little closer. Right there.
Here?
This locker’s key is
the one that’s missing.
That’s what we need you to make.
-Alright, now both of you turn around.
-Why?
You blindfolded me to hide your secrets.
This is my company’s secret.
Turn around.
How am I supposed to
take measurements now?
It’s pitch dark in there.
I’ll use my finger.
All good?
Wait, I’m taking the measurement.
Oh God! My finger’s stuck.
All okay?
Have patience, please.
Damn, there’s blood.
I should beat you with
a slipper, you idiot!
Is this how you take measurements?
My poor little finger.
Is the job done?
Okay!
Hey! Did a six-foot man buy costumes
here during the festival?
-Yeah, he did.
-Give me his phone number.
I don't have it.
How did you give him the costume
without a phone number?
The costume costs 2,000,
but he paid 4,000.
-It was a profit, so I didn’t mind.
-Hey!
Hold on, hold on. An auto driver
brought him here.
I know him well.
He’s the one.
Did a six-foot man come in your auto
to buy costumes from him?
Yeah, he did.
-Do you know where he is?
-No idea.
Come with us. You can identify him
if you see him, right?
He’s really smart.
He built the locker behind
the theater screen
and set up the screen and
back projection behind that perfectly.
So, from anywhere inside the theater,
it looks just like a normal screen.
No one will be able to figure out
there’s a locker hidden there.
He was built like a gym guy, sir.
He was fair and six feet tall, sir.
That matches the guy who hit us.
It’s the same guy behind it all.
As Singaram said, if they don’t
get the key in two days
they’ll figure it out and get alert.
We need to
steal the money before that.
Hello, Dad! They’re beating me up!
Who?
Dad…
It's my--
In the end, Muthu was about
to say "It’s my..."
What could that mean?
Maybe he was trying to
say "my family" or "my friend."
If that’s the case, he would’ve said "our"
when speaking to me, right?
But if he’s saying "my," to me
it means he was talking about
something that’s only connected to him.
We need to find out what it is.
Is that even possible?
People usually steal when no one’s around.
And you’re saying there’s
a new movie releasing,
the temple festival is happening,
the crowd will be massive.
How can we take such a big risk?
-That crowd is actually our advantage.
-What?
We’re going to use the crowd to steal.
How is that an advantage?
I’ll explain later.
What about "my street" or "my factory"?
No, he would’ve said "our street"
or "our factory."
"My town," "my theater,"
"my school," "my family"?
Hold on!
Brother, there’s a strong chance
he was saying "my school."
Correct.
Every time we had an issue with
the school, that’s when he hit us.
Even the day our boy was attacked,
he was at the school.
"My school," "my master," "my teacher."
We got him!
It’s someone from the school.
The school, that’s the link.
All these years,
I've only hidden my face,
not my character.
I’ll show him.
We know the locker’s location.
Now we just need the third key.
To get that, I’m going alone tonight
to Mudiarasan’s house.
Do you know where his room is?
So far, he’s made you take all the risks.
But now he’s going alone.
What does that mean?
What?
He’s going to escape with the third key!
It’s better if one of us goes with him.
Who?
Who else?
You’re the commando of the Gangers.
Operation Singaram is the real deal!
I’ve never operated anyone.
Money is everything.
If we don’t do this right,
all our efforts will go to waste.
What effort did you put in?
I’m the one struggling
with you in the team.
Alright, fine.
A cop always makes sense.
Wait.
Saravana!
I’ll come with you to get the key.
Singaram, it’s very risky.
Hey! You sent me on a risky
tour earlier too, remember?
I’ll come with you!
Alright, come on.
Saravana, be careful.
I’m the one going with him.
That’s why I want him to be careful.
Their men might be on rounds.
So we need to stay alert
and get the job done.
Just for the sake of measely salary,
I work so hard under a stupid H.M,
without even breaking a sweat!
-When I'm working for crores--
-Shut up!
I’ll go to any lengths to get that key!
Just tell me what to do.
Get into the house, slap the back
you like hard, and then run off!
Why does it have to be a back I like?
If I do that,
they'll let us in?
No, everyone will start chasing you!
I get your plan.
When they all capture and
maim me like a lamb at a meat stall,
you’ll use that gap to steal all the money
and escape. Isn’t that your plan?
Listen, when you do that,
they'll chase you.
Find a way to escape.
I’ll use that moment to get inside.
Find a way to escape?
Huh? What is this?
I thought they’d be on rounds,
but they’re sleeping.
Anyway, good for me.
No, no!
Oh god! I jumped too high.
What happened?
It's nothing.
Why did I have to jump?
How much can my body handle down there?
They're sleeping?
Who cares? I’ll just do what he said.
Hey! Why are you hitting
the one who’s sleeping?
So what?
He'll wake up and chase me.
Wasn't that our plan?
Don't be stupid, Singaram.
They’re all sleeping.
We can just walk by quietly.
Listen.
From now on, your plans
won't work for me.
-Listen to my plan.
-What plan?
Let's go.
Mudiarasan's room is on the top floor.
If you squat, I'll climb on you
and get in through the balcony
and I'll open the main door for you, okay?
That’s a big height.
Will you be able to do it?
Monkeys would feel ashamed
watching me climb trees.
Don’t insult me by asking such questions.
Sit down.
Slowly, slowly, slowly.
Damn, he’s taller than he looks.
Go left!
Oh god, it's like walking on a wire.
Slow down, slow down.
Hold on.
-Good balance.
-Quick!
Hey, hey!
I've got no balance!
-Where are you going?
-To hide in a hole.
In a hole?
Only you can hide in that, what about me?
I'm on your shoulders!
Wow, I am a monkey now.
Damn, it's bending!
It's going down like a checkpost!
We'll meet later, honey.
Meet later?
Does my body feel like a woman’s to you?
We just did it earlier!
How many times you do this in a day?
-I have to go shower first!
-Why are you playing with the tree?
Shut your mouth! Be grateful I’m still
alive after what you did!
We’ll get caught if we go together.
Let’s split up.
You go this way,
I’ll go that way.
-Hear me out-
-Give me a signal when you find the key!
Listen to me--
Tell me later. You understood
what I said, right? Go!
I didn’t understand a thing!
Telexa, play
'Thooliyile Aada Vantha'
[Thooloyile Aada Vantha playing]
Who's singing that?
[song plays]
Oh god, someone's coming.
Where do I hide?
Who's that?
Why is he moving as well?
I don't get it.
Let me change direction now.
He’s moving this way too?
Is this how it’s going to be all night?
Sir, sir!
Please let me go.
I'm not here alone.
There's another tall guy with me.
He's the mastermind.
You're ratting me out?
It's you?!
There are around fifty servants in
this house, and no one has spotted us.
Yet, we keep bumping into each other.
You go this way,
I’ll go that way.
Let's go together.
-I saw him.
-Where?
He’s not alone in the room.
There’s a singer too.
-A singer?!
-Yes. His name is Telexa.
He sings just like Mano in the movie.
-That’s a virtual assistant.
-What’s that?
It finds and answers whatever
information we ask for.
-When did they invent this?
-Yeah, that’s so important now!
Don’t leave me alone.
[song continues]
The key isn’t around his neck.
Go search!
Okay.
Telexa, where is the key?
[Nee Engae playing]
What are you doing?
I didn't do anything.
You said Telexa can answer anything.
I asked for the key, and it started
playing a sad song.
What? Telexa doesn't know
where the key is?
-Look!
-There's the key.
He’s hung it under his belly, damn it.
Watch how I take it off.
Hey!
Why did you put your hand in there?
I didn’t! I was taking off the key,
and he turned around.
Please save me.
You put it there, you take it!
Don’t act like a child!
-Do something.
-Do what?
♪ O dear, the moon is here to sleep
on the baby's swing! ♪
-Did you see that?
-Super.
Go on. Sing!
Damn, I don't know the next line.
I have to maintain the tune as well.
♪ Get the keys as fast you can
before we get caught! ♪
♪ He's drunk and passed out,
get the key fast. ♪
I got it!
♪ We have the key! ♪
♪ The hundred crores now belong to us
Let's run before he wakes up! ♪
-Welcome, sir.
-Show me the data of all our staff.
I want to check. Make it fast.
We are done!
The brothers are here at school.
Don't panic.
They're only looking for me.
Is he the one?
No, sir.
-This one?
-No, sir.
Really?
Okay, okay. Cut the call.
They’re checking the teacher’s list,
with people who can identify you.
-I knew they would do that.
-You knew?
I deleted my data long before.
We checked the school data.
There’s no one suspicious.
Wow, you seem like a bigger
criminal than him.
Forget that.
Let’s talk about our plan.
Get them to search the entire town.
Send our boys with them.
This is the theatre's model.
The most important issue for us is
the CCTV cameras all over the place.
Since it’s a theatre, the showtimes
are the same every day.
So, if we replace the CCTV footage
from the previous day,
there will be no doubt.
Our next big problem is
the two doors before the screen.
One of the doors is for the manager’s room.
We can only get to the locker through that.
The problem is the first door.
The brothers have scanned their
identities in the door lock
Other than them,
only the manager Soori has access.
Everything is fine, sir.
If someone else tries,
we saw the alarms going off ourselves.
We need to get Soori out.
He never leaves that room.
Soori’s family has been loyal
to them for three generations.
He never goes home.
He practically lives in the theatre.
He has to step out for
an emergency, right?
I don’t get it.
What if we kidnap his wife?
Kidnap? Our crime rates are going up!
We’re not actually going to kidnap her.
We’ll make a fake call from
his wife’s phone.
Then, he’ll have to come out!
For that, we need his wife’s phone!
That's my responsibility.
This is my responsibility.
I'll do it!
I'll take care of this!
Everything is fine.
But how do we walk out
with so much money?
That's my responsibility.
I'll handle that.
Daytime, massive crowd, and security.
Everything that goes against
a robbery is there!
I think it's impossible to pull this off.
Everything that you think is impossible,
someone somewhere
is making it possible.
Let’s make the "impossible" possible.
♪ Hey! The wild dance is about to begin,
keep an eye on it! ♪
♪ The time to shake you up
is coming, watch out! ♪
♪ When a herd of goats unite,
even the wild tiger runs ♪
♪ When a herd of cows unite,
even the mighty elephant will fall! ♪
♪ They change lightning into
their weapons ♪
♪ If you mess with them,
they’ll show you their power ♪
♪ Breaking down barriers,
they rise and roar ♪
♪ They’ll bend the rivers and
make the sky soar! ♪
What are you all going to do
after you get the money?
What is this?
They’ve made the cutout with balloons.
It’s been 12 years,
so they're making a big deal out of it.
♪ Hey! They are the unstoppable,
overwhelming force ♪
♪ They’ll give speed to a work
that can’t be finished! ♪
♪ Don’t wait till tomorrow,
or you’ll have no tomorrow ♪
♪ If today’s work is done, your victory
will come looking for you! ♪
♪ Hey! The wild dance is about to begin,
keep an eye on it! ♪
♪ The time to shake you up
is coming, watch out! ♪
♪ When a herd of goats unite,
even the wild tiger runs ♪
♪ When a herd of cows unite,
even the mighty elephant will fall! ♪
♪ Hey! They are the unstoppable,
overwhelming force ♪
♪ They’ll give speed to a work
that can’t be finished! ♪
♪ The beaten ones have come for revenge ♪
♪ Breaking the rules and
scattering all around! ♪
♪ If needed, even a worm
will become a lion ♪
♪ With bravery, even curses are forgotten! ♪
Madam, you can’t take a mobile
phone inside the temple.
Please hand it over.
-Oh, sorry.
-It's okay.
I'm here.
Me too.
-I'm also here.
-So am I.
-Hail Vishal!
-The king of masses!
My star!
My leader!
In Soori’s wife’s phone,
there are four numbers under ‘Husband.’
So, he has four phones.
-Try calling them all.
-Alright.
I’ll try the first one.
Hey, my baby!
I’m driving.
Give me a sweet kiss first.
Damn, some auto driver is
showering kisses.
Must be a wrong number.
Try the next one.
Hello, I want popcorn.
Crispy, with lots of spice.
Is this a hotel?
You’re asking for varieties?
You get what you get.
Idiot!
Doesn’t know the difference between
a theatre and a hotel.
Oh, god!
Hey, where’s my popcorn?
The machine itself is gone.
Job’s done.
This manager’s gonna shout at me.
Tell me, sir.
The popcorn machine’s broken
in the theatre.
Send someone for repairs, quickly.
I’ll send someone right away.
I’m on the way. You can begin.
Okay.
Hey, sweetie!
After you came by yesterday,
the whole shop smells like you.
Come today after I close
the shop, as usual.
I’ll put you on the rice sack and
have my way with you.
This is another affair of hers.
That was our Rasappan from
the grocery store.
They are using the rice sacks as a bed.
Is that why the rice from his
store is always wet?
Forget that.
Is our plan on track?
On the way.
Hey!
Hey! You idiot!
What are you doing in the ladies' toilet?
No, this is the CCTV room.
DGP's room?
CCTV room!
Oh, the CID's room.
CCTV room?
What's happening?
Who did this?
Shucks! The kids these days.
Oh god!
-I'm fainting, I'm fainting.
-Granny, granny!
Someone help me.
-What happened?
-It's nothing, son.
My limbs are going numb.
Can you massage me?
-I've got work to do.
-Never say no to an old person.
Then you'll never have a place
in heaven, my son.
-What?
-Come on, do it fast.
-Faster!
-Why the urgency?
I don't want to miss an important
scene in the movie, that's why.
Hey! Why are you switching places?
-Hey! It's a success.
-What?
I meant your massage is a success!
You should make this your full-time job!
None of them are Soori's numbers.
Try searching for 'Soori'.
S.
There's only a Stepney under 'S'.
If she has saved someone as 'stepney'
then we need to know who
that disgusting person is.
-Call him.
-Okay.
Hello, I'm in the theater, dear. Tell me.
It's Soori!
This is the first time I’m hearing
a husband being called a Stepney.
-Hey! Talk to Soori.
-Yes, yes.
Hey! Stay strong.
I’ve kidnapped your wife.
Who are you?
Are you telling the truth?
Yes!
Bring me a lakh at the place
and time I specify.
I don’t care who you are
Not just one, I’ll pay one and a half.
Kill her!
Hello? Hello!
Damn, he cut the call.
-Hello.
-Why did you cut the call?
-Tell me.
-You want me to kill her?
I’ll never get another chance like this.
Just finish her off,
and I’ll send you the money.
Hello?
We thought we could threaten
him to come out,
and he’s asking us to kill his wife?
Saravana...
With her phone we can bring anyone
and everyone
But we won’t be able to get
Soori out with that.
I’ve reached the theater.
You begin Plan B.
Okay!
-What's this?
-Popcorn machine service.
-It looks so big.
-It's a new system, sir.
-Okay, go on.
-Thanks.
Uncle! This is Thayamma.
She's very close to the teacher.
There’s something off about the reason
the teacher gave for going with my son.
How is she as a person?
-She’s very good-hearted.
-I don’t care about that.
Does she have an affair?
I heard she’s involved with
the PT master at the school.
You mean Singaram?
He’s dark and looks odd!
No, the other one.
He’s fair and about six feet tall.
His name?
Look at how the blast has
damaged the machine.
I used to make so much selling popcorn.
-Now, it's all gone.
-A customer.
What do you want?
I want justice.
We have only samosas, chips,
and cool drinks.
We don't have the snacks called justice.
I'm not here for snacks!
Someone here has misbehaved with my niece.
and I'm here to get justice for that.
-Really?
-Yes!
-Who's your niece?
-I'll call her.
Come, dear.
Hey, tell me where he is.
Lady! Even you're okay in a way!
Who would want to misbehave
with a face like this?
Shut your mouth!
A person working at your theatre
misbehaved with her, made her pregnant
and then abandoned her.
Tell me where he is! Or else...
Alright, what's his name?
His name... his name...
Tell me his name.
Soori!
He's saying something with 'Su'.
What is it?
Soo-ri!
Su.. Suruli!
-Suruli, sir?
-Yes, call him now.
He deserves no respect!
Suruli, sir!
Come here!
This guy?
Why isn't the manager coming out?
-Did I get the names wrong?
-Just continue, we have no other choice.
What is it?
My dear!
Hey, don't you recognize her?
My hubby.
-Who is that?
-Did you hear that, aunty?
He's asking who I am in front of you.
That's what anyone would ask if
they don’t know someone.
I’ve switched on the jammer.
Other than our gang
connected to this Wi-Fi,
no one else will recieve calls.
You've misbehaved with my niece,
who was like fresh fruit, and ruined her.
Misbehaved?
She already looks like a
spoiled, rotten fruit!
He’s also saying the same thing!
Shucks! He looks exactly like that.
Am I going to get caught?
Sir, where are you going?
I’m not getting through to
anyone at the theatre.
I’m going to check in person.
But the main ritual is yet to happen.
This is more important.
Malaiarasan is on his way.
-Suji.
-Tell me.
-Plan C.
-Okay.
Sir, I don’t know how,
but Saravanan’s data is missing.
Send me his picture.
What proof do you have that
it was our manager?
I’ll tell you.
Take off his pants and look.
There's a hole in his thigh!
A hole? Am I a donut?
-Where are you going?
-There’s no time.
So? Things will go wrong.
Sir, you can’t be here.
Toilets and canteen are that way. Go!
I have no connection with any of you.
I’ve got work in that room.
Move aside.
Yeah, right.
You’ve got work.
You think we’re here
for time pass?
I don’t have time to talk.
Just move or else...
Or else what? What will you do?
I'll end you!
-That's him!
-That's the guy!
Why did you do this?
We’re here to steal.
Instead of doing it quietly,
you’re being violent.
-Aunty!
-What?
He has a mole on his chest.
Check that first.
Hey, take off your shirt.
Start.
Oh God! Fire, fire, fire.
The whole theatre is burning!
The flames are rising! Oh god!
First the pants, and now you want
me to take off my shirt?
Why did you close the screen?
-What? Hey, open it up.
-Okay, sir.
Damn!
Malaiarasan is here.
Hey! Stop it, stop it.
-What's the issue?
-The first problem is this oldie, sir.
No, sir. They closed the screen
while the movie was running.
Why hasn't he come out yet?
The call didn't get through...
Hey, Gopi! Who brought the screen down?
-Go, lift it back up!
-Okay, sir!
The screen is up! Everyone, get inside.
-Go on. Get inside.
-The screen is up!
Here.
Get in fast!
-Why couldn't I reach Soori?
-I have no idea, sir.
Singaram, make sure he doesn't
come near the locker room.
I'll take care of that.
-Are you the theatre owner?
-Yes.
-Give justice to my niece first.
-Who are you?
Me? Ask him who I am.
This scoundrel misbehaved
with my niece and got her pregnant!
This one?
Go stop him!
Hey, if you keep saying that,
things will get ugly.
We won’t move an inch without justice!
We’ll sit here and protest!
Why is there so much smoke?
Soori looks like a Hobbit!
Who are you all?
-Take your hands off me.
-No, I won’t until we get justice.
I’m holding back because you’re
a woman, or I’ll thrash you.
Move!
Grab the box first.
Oh god. He’s going that way!
My lord, please save me.
Thank you god!
We’re almost there.
Don’t let him come in.
I won't let it go!
-I won't, I won't!
-Hey, you're still here?
I won't leave until my niece gets justice.
Hey, move!
-Saravana!
-What?
Finish the job quickly.
My niece's beard is growing back.
-They'll skin us alive if we get caught.
-Go handle Malaiarasan first.
What's this behaviour?
I'm talking about injustice, and
you're checking yourself in the mirror?
I'll kill you!
-You're done?
-Not yet.
Make it quick!
What?!
No, I meant give me justice quickly.
Hey, throw her out.
Come on.
No, I won’t leave.
I will never ever leave him!
No, no! Let go!
Get out!
Sir.
-Why was your phone unreachable?
-There was a signal issue, sir.
All good?
-Everything--
-Hey! Answer your boss.
How dare you come inside? Get out!
-What the hell is your problem?
-He's my problem!
Ask him to marry her.
You're making me a judge for
this stupid face?!
He deserves it!
How dare you try to abandon her?
Get him out of there!
I will! Come on.
Damn, I’ve put my hand into
a crocodile’s mouth.
What’s gonna happen now?
Oh, my god!
How dare you hit me?
Hey, catch her and tie her up!
I've no idea where to run.
-I'll go this side.
-Hey, oldie. Stop running!
Hey, did you look that side?
There morons are blocking the screen!
Ask them to move.
-Hey, wait!
-Stop shouting!
-Give us a second.
-We're leaving!
Damn!
When did Saravanan leave?
-He left in the morning.
-Where did he go?
I don't know, sir.
Saravanan!
This much is 100 crores?
Nope, there's more.
They've stored all the money they made
in the last three years here.
My head is spinning.
Hey!
What's that sound?
It's the alarm!
Now, Mudiarasan knows we're here.
I missed it.
We need to finish the job before
he gets here. Come on!
She's there!
Hello!
What are they doing?
Let's go!
Go check on the right side!
-Saravana.
-What?
Give me 100 crores later.
Now, give me 12 bucks.
I really want to have juice.
Just a little longer.
Keep it under control!
-She's right there. Catch her!
-Come on, come on.
Don't let her escape!
Go that side.
Hey! My niece is right there.
Get her first.
Catch her!
Hey, stop!
Om Sakthi! Para Sakthi!
Sir, your brother is here.
-Brother?
-Why weren’t you answering your phone?
-Get in!
-I didn't hear it ring.
She's trying to get out. Catch her!
How do I get out of here now?
-Lock it!
-Yes.
Send it up!
-Give it to me.
-It's ready!
-Make it quick!
-Okay, okay.
Hey, step on it!
They're tossing me around
like a fidget spinner!
Hold on, hold on.
We are running out of time!
Go faster! Step on it.
Who even designed this seating arrangement?
I would've been better off
joining the circus than this team!
Hey, she's near the screen!
Hey, stop!
Trying to mess with us, old lady?
Go on, catch her! Come on.
You guys can't even catch an old lady?
Grab her!
-Sir, you wait. I'll go check!
-Move aside!
-Catch her! She's running.
-Don't let her escape.
Damn, the big brother is here!
Brother, why are you here?
-Someone has opened the locker.
-No, the locker is safe.
My foot! You idiot!
-Why didn't you answer my call?
-It's a signal problem.
Hey!
You said everything was safe? Look!
Soori, who did this?
I have no idea, sir.
They were all wearing masks.
Oh, god!
Brother!
They took away our entire fortune!
Hey! It's a snake. A snake!
He must still be on the terrace.
There's no way he escaped
with all that money.
Lock down the theatre!
No one gets out!
Let's head to the terrace. Come on!
Everything is gone.
We can't let him get away!
-Shut all the gates.
-Close that door!
-Why are they all running?
-What's happening?
-Everyone, stop!
-Where are you going?
-Amul, close the door!
-Don't let him escape.
-Why are you all running?
-Stop, running!
The plan is a success!
How did this happen?
Hey, no!
Lock the gate!
Hey! Close the main gate.
Lock it!
Hey!
Let's go.
-Stop them!
-Hey, lock the bloody gate.
-What are you even--
-Wait!
Why are you all running?
Stop!
Come, dear.
Did everything go well?
We'll only find out later.
Close the door.
Did he get away with the money?
Or did he get caught?
I’m too anxious to sleep!
-Did you get a call from him?
-Nothing.
Oh, no!
The minister caught Mudiyarasan
and his brothers red-handed.
Hello.
This town is finally free
from their atrocities.
Suji, call Saravanan and check
when he’s coming with the money.
I’ll call him.
Hello--
Why is the call getting cut
after two rings?
Really?
Let me try…
-What happened?
-It’s disconnecting after a single ring.
Is it a network issue,
or is he cutting the call?
Don’t panic. He’ll definitely
answer my call.
He’s our guy.
Hello--
It’s switched off.
So, he escaped?!
-What?!
-He escaped?
I told you not to trust him
with the entire money!
-Mr.Police…
-Huh?
How did he escape with all that money?
How would I know?
Let’s go.
Hey, wait.
Something’s off.
What?
Something is missing.
Damn you!
He played us for fools.
In my 23 years of service,
I’ve never seen a criminal like him.
He fooled all five of us.
It’s eight, not five.
You forgot the three brothers.
I still feel like he'll come back.
A FEW MONTHS LATER
-We have to go to Surya Nagar.
-That’ll be 100 bucks.
-Alright, let’s go.
-Get in, sir.
♪ Not every fate is meant to be ♪
♪ Not every seed will rise and grow free! ♪
♪ In life's path… ♪
What are you all going to do
after we get the money?
Me?
My father remarried late in life
and had three daughters.
He said they were my fortune
and passed away.
The bar and the lorry brought me losses,
eating away all my money.
If I get this money,
I’ll marry off my sisters happily.
I was born into a rich family,
but I drank away my entire fortune.
Now, I feel ashamed watching my
children suffer in poverty.
If I get this money,
I’ll give them the life they deserve.
♪ Like a little berry… ♪
My wife has a critical illness.
One injection costs seven lakhs.
I'm a simple cop.
My salary won’t cover it.
Every day,
I watch her life slipping away.
If I get this money,
I’ll definitely save her.
♪ Unhealed scars pouring deep within! ♪
If you help me, you can split
the entire money among yourselves.
♪ Heal, O' dear heart! ♪
♪ Unhealed scars pouring deep within! ♪
But how do we walk out
with so much money?
That's my responsibility.
I'll handle that.
♪ Not every seed will rise ♪
-Agasu, where’s Sujitha?
-Up there.
-Teacher!
-What happened?
He’s a big fraud!
He’ll never come back.
-What are you saying?
-I checked with the department,
and they confirmed that
Saravanan’s story was true.
So, I went to the prison to verify.
But there…
Tell me, sir.
-Saravanan?
-That’s me.
-Madhavi?
-My wife. And you are?
I’m from the department too.
What now? Another round of
questioning and torture?
Go ahead, sir.
My sufferings in jail have hardened me.
Saravanan, you’re a bigger criminal.
Do I really look like one, sir?
The real Saravanan is still in prison.
Our guy befriended him,
gathered all his information,
used his story, and used us to steal
and took off with the money!
He didn’t use us.
He looked for the dumbest people
in town and picked us
That day, when he told his story,
he didn’t even shed a tear.
But we were the ones who cried in chorus!
Who is Sujitha Teacher here?
We have a fridge delivery.
-We didn’t order anything.
-Sir, she's placed the order.
That’s not possible.
We already have a fridge.
Wait… wait. That’s our fridge!
Bring it in.
What the...
Singaram, be steady!
See this, Maths?
I went through disguises, beatings,
insults, and risks for him.
But Saravanan didn’t even bother
sending me a fridge!
-If I see him--
-Who is Singaram Master here?
I'm the one!
-Come down, sir.
-Coming!
Hey, Suresh! Can’t you drive carefully?
-Amuldoss.
-Huh?
You’ve got a parcel.
Pattasamy, bro, you’ve got a parcel.
For me?!
Honey, did we get any parcel?
My god!
Our days of suffering have come to an end.
My god, you gave me the money!
Hello, sir.
Thank you for bailing me out.
Some unknown person sent me
the money order for your bail.
-He also sent you a gift.
-For me?
-Hello.
-Hello, Saravanan.
A casino owner in Goa has
200 crores of black money stashed.
What’s the plan?
The Gangers are in holiday mood.
I’ll call you when they’re ready.
Till then, bye.
I don't have the money!
The money has to be on
the theatre's terrace.
There's no way he escaped
with all of it!
How long will you keep repeating that lie?
We've searched everywhere.
Tell me the truth, you scoundrel!
A FEW DAYS LATER
-Who gave you food?
-So, we're starving today too?
You fooled me as family!
Break their legs first.
A FEW WEEKS LATER
A FEW MONTHS LATER
I might let everything else go...
but you killed that innocent girl!
I'll never forgive you!
Subtitles by QUBE